Clarify subsection ID syntax in assemblies (#71472)
openshift/openshift-docs: contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc

https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/blocks/discrete-headings/

A discrete heading also will not get a section number in the Customer Portal build of the doc. Previously, we would use plain bold mark-up around a heading like this, but discrete headings also allow you to ignore section nesting rules (like jumping from a `==` section level to a `====` level if you wanted for some style reason).

To use a discrete heading, just add `[discrete]` to the line before your unique ID. For example:

----
[discrete]
[id="managing-authorization-policies_{context}"]
== Managing authorization policies
----

== Anchoring titles and section headings
=== Anchoring titles and section headings

All titles and section headings must have an anchor ID. The anchor ID must be similar to the title or section heading.

=== Anchoring in assembly files

The following is an example anchor ID in an assembly file:
==== Anchoring in assembly files

.Example anchor ID in an assembly file
----
[id="configuring-alert-notifications"]
= Configuring alert notifications
----

[NOTE]
====
Do not include line spaces between the anchor ID and the section title.

> ====

Author: Didn't seem like this needed to be a NOTE when sections right before it just had line-by-line "Do not...", "Do not...", etc. (i.e., this one didn't seem more special).

Do not use special characters or symbols in titles. Symbols and special characters in titles can cause rendering errors in the HTML output.

Use only one link:https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/sections/titles-and-levels/#section-level-syntax[Level 0] heading (`=`) in any file.

=== Anchoring titles and section headings

All titles and section headings must have an anchor ID. The anchor ID must be similar to the title or section heading. Do not include line spaces between the anchor ID and the section title.

.Example anchor ID and heading
----
[id="configuring-alert-notifications"] <1>
= Configuring alert notifications <2>
----
<1> Anchor ID

> <2> Title / section heading

Author: Looks like spaceless is more common in the file, dunno if there's an actual guideline. But I've synced all of mine up as spaceless, and changed a few older instances in the file to be spaceless as well.

The following anchor IDs also require use of the `_{context}` variable:

* **All** headings in module files
* **Only** subsections in assembly files (but not the link:https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/sections/titles-and-levels/#section-level-syntax[Level 0] heading / main title)

When called, the `_{context}` variable is resolved into the value declared in the `:context:` attribute in the corresponding assembly file. This enables cross-referencing of IDs in context to a specific assembly and is useful when a module is included in multiple assemblies.

[NOTE]
====
The `{context}` variable must be preceded by an underscore (`_`) when declared in an anchor ID.
====

==== Anchoring in assembly files

> ===== Assembly titles (Level 0 headings)

Author: It's mentioned in callout 5 of "Assembly file metadata", but I'll add a mention around here too.

For the single link:https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/sections/titles-and-levels/#section-level-syntax[Level 0] heading (`=`) of an assembly file, **do not** add a `_{context}` variable to the end of the anchor ID.

.Example anchor ID for the Level 0 heading of an assembly file
----
[id="configuring-alert-notifications"]
= Configuring alert notifications
----

[NOTE]
====
This guideline is an exception to the link:https://redhat-documentation.github.io/modular-docs/#nesting-assemblies[_Red Hat modular docs reference guide_], which shows including the variable for Level 0 headings of assemblies as well.
====

===== Assembly subsections (Level 1 and lower headings)

> For any Level 1 or lower _subsections_ in an assembly (for example, `==`, `===`, etc.), add a `_{context}` variable to the end of anchor IDs in assembly section headings of any level (`=`, `==`, etc.).

Author: Oops yea, was modifying the earlier version of the PR's sentence and left garbage.

.Example anchor ID for a Level 1 heading (subsection) of an assembly file
----
[id="editing-alerts_{context}"]
== Editing alerts
----

==== Anchoring in module files

You must add the `_{context}` variable to the end of each anchor ID in module files:

.Example anchor ID for a module file Level 0 (`=`) heading / main title
----
[id="sending-notifications-to-external-systems_{context}"]
= Sending notifications to external systems
----

.Example anchor ID for a Level 1 (`==`) subsection heading
----
[id="deployment-scaling-benefits_{context}"]
== Deployment and scaling benefits
----

=== Anchoring "Prerequisites", "Additional resources", and "Next steps" titles in assemblies

Use unique IDs for "Prerequisites", "Additional resources", and "Next steps" titles in assemblies. Add the prefixes `prerequisites_`, `additional-resources_`, or `next-steps_` to a unique string that describes the assembly topic.

[NOTE]
====
The `prerequisites_`, `additional-resources_`, and `next-steps_` prefixes must end with an underscore (`_`) when declared in an anchor ID in an assembly.
====

> You can use the `{context}` variable to automatically match the value assigned to the `:context:` attribute in the assembly. Alternatively, you manually set the string after the `_`, provided that the full string that you form is unique across the repo.

Author: Hm I thought from the Slack thread that we just wanted to prefer `_{context}` but not necessarily explicitly forbid manual strings. I'll re-read it.

> You can use the `{context}` variable to automatically match the value assigned to the `:context:` attribute in the assembly. Alternatively, you manually set the string after the `_`, provided that the full string that you form is unique across the repo.

Author: Eh, I'm just gonna lose this "Alternative" option, I can't think of a decent reason to provide it (considering these 3 prefixes _should_ only exist once each per assembly).

The following examples include IDs that are unique to a "Configuring alert notifications" assembly that has `:context: configuring-alert-notifications` set in its metadata:

.Example unique ID for a "Prerequisites" title
----
[id="prerequisites_{context}"]
== Prerequisites
----

.Alternative example with manually set string
----
[id="prerequisites_configuring-alert-notifications"]
== Prerequisites
----

.Example unique ID for an "Additional resources" title
----
[role="_additional-resources"]

> [id="additional-resources_{context"]

Author: Whoops

== Additional resources
----

.Example unique ID for a "Next steps" title
----
[id="next-steps_{context"]
== Next steps
----

=== Discrete headings

If you have a section heading that you do not want to appear in the TOC (for example, if you think that some section is not worth showing up or if there are already too many nested levels), you can use a discrete (or floating) heading:

https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/blocks/discrete-headings/

> A discrete heading also will not get a section number in the Customer Portal build of the doc. Previously, we would use plain bold mark-up around a heading like this, but discrete headings also allow you to ignore section nesting rules (like jumping from a `==` section level to a `====` level if you wanted for some style reason).

Author: Hmm probably not, hadn't considered. Tho now that I re-read, I do kind of like that it discourages "plain bold mark-up" as a fake heading, in case someone thought of that on their own later.

The following examples include IDs that are unique to the "Configuring alert notifications" assembly:

.Example unique ID for a "Prerequisites" title
----
[id="prerequisites_configuring-alert-notifications"]
== Prerequisites
----

.Example unique ID for an "Additional resources" title
----
[role="_additional-resources"]
[id="additional-resources_configuring-alert-notifications"]
== Additional resources
----

.Example unique ID for a "Next steps" title
----
[id="next-steps_configuring-alert-notifications"]
== Next steps
----

=== Discrete headings

> If you have a section heading that you do not want to appear in the TOC (like if you think that some section is not worth showing up or if there are already too many nested levels), you can use a discrete (or floating) heading:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a section heading that you do not want to appear in the TOC (for example, if you think that some section is not worth showing up or if there are already too many nested levels), you can use a discrete (or floating) heading:
```

Reviewer: I don't think this necessarily needs to be changed just a suggestion to get rid of `like` here.
